You must go look for the books.
Realize that sometimes the best sites go away.
So, it's a constant journey to those sites to make sure they are updated and still there.
Because when one goes away, another will pop up in its place.
So, you're always on the lookout for the next best place.
That's going to show you what's new in your chosen genre or subject that you're looking for.
So, there's the constant search, because you will never be caught up.
And you must be curious.
So, you're constantly searching.
Even traditional publishers have seasons.
So, there's always the next best thing that you want to add to your collection.
But there's help.
And you can absolutely use the tools that you already have.
Recognize that vendors want your money.
And they want you to spend that money with them as much as possible.
So let them help you help yourself.
This is a list from Ingram. Diverse Romance and Erotica.
You'll see that there are some older books,
and some brand new books
and 159 products.
It's not going to completely remake your Romance section.
But there will be some things in this list that you can check to see if you have them.
And if you don't, you can decide if these would be good for your collection.
Not every book needs to be in every collection.
But it's a good place to start.
If you're looking to diversify your Romance section.
Baker and Taylor has a similar tool.
And they have theirs for Adult and for Juvenile. This is not necessarily dedicated to a certain genre.
And there are several you can go through and look through each these are changed frequently
in conjunction with carcass.
Sometimes the lists aren't as long or robust as we would wish them to be
which is why it's a it's an ongoing process.
It's why you have to do it continuously to see what's been updated,
what's been added,
what's been taken away how it's been changed.
What I like most about this is that they have several different categories
and several different subcategories within those categories.
So you can be as general or as specific as you need to be at the time.